Okay. In this video, I have an assignment
for you, and we are going to go out and
create the Vendors API. So this is gonna be a little bit of a challenging
assignment because you're gonna have a
lot of coding to do. But we will go
through everything. We wanna take
that API that we've been working with
the fruit shop vendors API and we wanna develop everything for it. We've gone
through a lot of these examples. So you
should be comfortable doing all this by
now. So what we wanna do is create a
Main Class, Repository, Service Layer,
a Data Transfer Object or DTO, Type
Converter, and of course, we're gonna
be using test-driven development all
along the way. What we wanna do is
also create the controller, that's gonna handle all these options. The API
spec that we have does have some product
API calls in it. We're gonna skip over
that for now. I just wanna get you
hands-on and complete the entire
assignment here of setting up all these
different REST methods. So we're gonna
escape out of this and toggle over to
Chrome. So we're gonna skip over the
products stuff. And down here at the
bottom, we have the vendors. So this is at
the api.predict8.de.
So it's a little Spring consulting shop
that has this up. And what we wanna do
is implement all the stuff for vendors.
And so, if we look at the GET, we're
gonna have, don't worry about the
metadata stuff here, but we wanna do
the vendors name string, so we'll Try it
out. And we can see here, that we have the
vendor so we'll need to create a DTO
for that, as well as a domain object to
utilize. And of course, we wanna go in
and implement all the rest endpoints for
this. So POST, DELETE, GET. So we should have
everything working except for these last
two here, that are dealing with products.
We are not going to implement those but
I wanna get everything else
implemented here. So that is the
assignment. I know it's gonna be a bit of
a challenge but I will go through this.
it's gonna be a lot of coding. So I'm not
gonna live code this one. Probably take a
half hour to video to complete. I don't
think anybody wants to watch me coding
that long.
But I will go through a complete code
review and we will have a complete
example, checked into GitHub for your
reference.